To : Paul Wise <pabs@debian.org>
Subject : Re: Would be possible to have a ".treeinfo" file added to the installers' page?
From : Fabiano FidÃªncio <fabiano@fidencio.org>
Date : Fri, 28 Dec 2018 10:01:00 +0100
Message-id : CAK9pz9+O1TWxH8u=N2Am2EJmNMevAMyx3Sy5wOo-wTBkhWW1aQ@mail.gmail.com
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6FxV-GP26EU0zTnrsA0xCP0S__LubGLAUkL_SKC7J1GQw@mail.gmail.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9+D2W2+5x1Nwe_+vXhmafOKe3gehrycudPHm38YKX75FQ@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20181207101027.GA3726@debian.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KXod48jkcpv-Kx6THjbT-U_YNWKwNHAFxW2mnPgVm3-Q@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6Gsp=FSODatRXa6FDxoEYRQXxqwoMTvPQ5J5=1N8J3Mcg@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KK4HGxCf=w39QeezeekShtSA+8fLSjgS-XHRAzbLLHBA@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6EVKXpG2xaWUkVWWtK6G4TD0z6zSSz26XW0H4ON=3QXSg@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9J90396C_kmbq6kV8i3H=rNXsg19fn1fM=xGU65q7pSjQ@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6G9a3GDgqMeSzM-QQJFxNjzgmi4gfAyyvrY_Vm0vYP4iA@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KnYx4RnyO_nVVQdP+xvhi70_0q6EUrF389g2ycWRMsOQ@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6E80cLb8U0YBbdnwr-6KSv9bMtGfU5wdu_B=JxiX=hAgg@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9K=cfr9oCkJdCEfz29H7T+tdee2kPMV0Xin0+mi3Utd0Q@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6FxV-GP26EU0zTnrsA0xCP0S__LubGLAUkL_SKC7J1GQw@mail.gmail.com>


People,
Let me revive this thread. :-)
After a nice pub conversation a friend of mine suggested that *maybe*
the .treeinfo changes could be done as part of Google Summer of Code.
As a GNOME student/mentor/admin from previous years, I sincerely think
it may be a good idea *if* the work is not too short and/or something
else could be added to the same project in order to make it solid
enough for 3-ish months of work.
In case this idea is really too short ... what if someone spend some
time to briefly guide me through the relevant codebase so I could
provide the needed patch? What would be the specific codebase that I
could open an RFE kind of issue just to keep track of this?
Paul mentioned in his last answer:
> I'm not involved in the affected teams but I guess it would depend on
> someone being willing and able to implement the requested changes. In
> case anyone not in those teams is interested, I think these are the
> relevant codebases:
>
> The archive:
>
> https://salsa.debian.org/ftp-team/dak
>
> The ISO images:
>
> https://salsa.debian.org/images-team/debian-cd
>
> The website:
>
> https://salsa.debian.org/webmaster-team/webwml
>
Could someone confirm that he's accurate on his answer or point me to
right direction?
Best Regards,
-- 
Fabiano FidÃªncio