To : Ian Jackson <ijackson@chiark.greenend.org.uk>
Subject : Re: Want to make salsa advertise contact and source code details [and 1 more messages]
From : Alexander Wirt <formorer@formorer.de>
Date : Fri, 25 May 2018 19:28:51 +0200
Message-id : 20180525172851.GJ21577@smithers.snow-crash.org
Mail-followup-to : Ian Jackson <ijackson@chiark.greenend.org.uk>,	debian-devel@lists.debian.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23304.17633.171433.149344@chiark.greenend.org.uk>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23302.62842.941540.908033@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 87efi02gbs.fsf@athena.silentflame.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23303.64836.111133.763922@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23304.1629.995584.730998@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180525125417.GF21577@smithers.snow-crash.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23304.5044.960566.657708@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180525145223.GG21577@smithers.snow-crash.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23304.15502.658126.499574@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180525170806.GH21577@smithers.snow-crash.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 23304.17633.171433.149344@chiark.greenend.org.uk>


On Fri, 25 May 2018, Ian Jackson wrote:
> Alexander Wirt writes ("Re: Want to make salsa advertise contact and source code details [and 1 more messages]"):
> > It was a decision by the team to disallow any patch that is not
> > really really needed for function. Please submit your patch
> > upstream.
> 
> I see.  I'm afraid I strongly disagree with this decision, for
> practical reasons, and because of its rationale.  In any case, IMO
> this patch is required for the important function of giving Salsa
> users access to the appropriate contact channels and source code
> reference.
I think that they should use the official docs - or the help button. 
  
> I am sure that my patch would be rejected by upstream.  As I have it,
> it is not suitable for upstream because it hardcodes the Debian
> information.  I obviouslyu do not want to spend the time to redevelop
> the configurable version (like the proprietary version of gitlab has)
> when you have said you will rejected it, and it would also almost
> certainly be rejected by upstream.
Did you asked them? 
 
> Can you please tell me what you think the appropriate path or venue is
> for me to pursue this diagreement ?
Get in contact with upstream and ask them about including the feature in CE. 
Alex