To : PICCA Frederic-Emmanuel <frederic-emmanuel.picca@synchrotron-soleil.fr>
Subject : Re: Feedback request about the Alba Upstream to Debian packaging effort
From : Paul Wise <pabs@debian.org>
Date : Fri, 8 Jun 2018 22:24:17 +0800
Message-id : CAKTje6Fw_Tkm+W8UjdKsgYxZkhSGMKm+ZbvtvvW4bEdL7Xrpew@mail.gmail.com
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â A2A20EC3B8560D408356CAC2FC148E530107E073C7@SUN-DAG4.synchrotron-soleil.fr>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â A2A20EC3B8560D408356CAC2FC148E530107E073C7@SUN-DAG4.synchrotron-soleil.fr>


On Sat, Jun 2, 2018 at 3:41 PM, PICCA Frederic-Emmanuel wrote:
> The next meeting of this community will be held in Prague[4] next
> week. During this meeting, Alba will present their plan about
> packaging "Collaborative and automated Packaging"[5].
You might be interested in the autodeb GSoC 2018 project:
https://debconf18.debconf.org/talks/49-autodeb-automatic-packages-for-everything/
https://wiki.debian.org/autodeb
https://salsa.debian.org/autodeb-team/autodeb
-- 
bye,
pabs
https://wiki.debian.org/PaulWise