To : Steve McIntyre <steve@einval.com>
Subject : Re: Salsa
From : Cyril Brulebois <kibi@debian.org>
Date : Wed, 9 May 2018 04:29:07 +0200
Message-id : 20180509022907.qhvwspexfcertah2@mraw.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180508233915.iaqt5ud2o6hwvef2@tack.einval.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180503211028.dfmsbh7pljicibf3@tack.einval.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 1525450913.23891.49.camel@debian.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180504162747.sw75fuguggfvqnm4@tack.einval.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180506004303.5a2emaxf4jpberd2@tack.einval.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 1525622209.23891.54.camel@debian.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180508233915.iaqt5ud2o6hwvef2@tack.einval.com>


Steve McIntyre <steve@einval.com> (2018-05-09):
> AFAICS we still need to (in rough order):
> 
>  1. Disable svn commits
> 
>  2. Tweak the translation workflow to push changes to
>      d-i.git/packages/po, instead of d-i in svn.
> 
>  3. Change the checkouts of d-i on the buildds etc. to use git?
I don't think we have svn checkouts anywhere but dillon. There's nothing
on buildds since we're building d-i from porterboxes. Thinking of it,
they need manual pointing to salsa, and I don't think latest builds
reflected what was in masterâ€¦ I'll go and do that now.
>  4. Update docs to point to the new repos
> 
> Anything else?
Docs are a big part of this transition, especially for translators.
We'll need appropriate communication and possibly hand holdingâ€¦ That
might put a heavy burden on translation coordinators (see Christian's
fears regarding this big transition, and the historical reluctance to
moving off of svn).
Cheers,
-- 
Cyril Brulebois (kibi@debian.org)            <https://debamax.com/>
D-I release manager -- Release team member -- Freelance Consultant
signature.asc