To : Chris Boot <bootc@debian.org>
Subject : Re: Salsa
From : Cyril Brulebois <kibi@debian.org>
Date : Tue, 24 Apr 2018 03:29:22 +0200
Message-id : 20180424012922.wgt76oieikm7omv6@mraw.org
In-reply-to : <be4fe00a-7f36-1922-d1d2-9e532f6a9cb9@debian.org>
References : <be4fe00a-7f36-1922-d1d2-9e532f6a9cb9@debian.org>


Hi Chris,
Chris Boot <bootc@debian.org> (2018-01-22):
> I think it would be helpful to start using Salsa for some of our repos.
> 
> I would like to move my personal busybox work-in-progress repo to Salsa;
> I know nothing prevents me from doing that but it feels like everything
> would be more joined-up if the main busybox repo was also in Salsa and
> in a debian-boot team/group.
> 
> Does anyone have any objection if I create a d-i/boot team on Salsa?
> What should it be called? Should its membership just be copied from the
> Alioth team? Alternatively, would it be preferable to use the "Debian"
> group given we have such a large membership anyway?
> 
> axhn: any objection to moving busybox into Salsa?
Do you have any feedback regarding your salsa attempts?
Clock's ticking and it would be nice to migrate soon, so any gathered
experience is welcome.
Cheers,
-- 
Cyril Brulebois (kibi@debian.org)            <https://debamax.com/>
D-I release manager -- Release team member -- Freelance Consultant
signature.asc