To : debian-boot@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: Salsa
From : Bastian Blank <waldi@debian.org>
Date : Mon, 22 Jan 2018 18:23:52 +0100
Message-id : 20180122172352.vvn46ngjuoxkdm4v@shell.thinkmo.de
Mail-followup-to : debian-boot@lists.debian.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180122162843.nye4hxtpu4edjiyr@mraw.org>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â be4fe00a-7f36-1922-d1d2-9e532f6a9cb9@debian.org> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180122162843.nye4hxtpu4edjiyr@mraw.org>


On Mon, Jan 22, 2018 at 05:28:43PM +0100, Cyril Brulebois wrote:
> Chris Boot <bootc@debian.org> (2018-01-22):
> > I think it would be helpful to start using Salsa for some of our repos.
> > 
> > I would like to move my personal busybox work-in-progress repo to Salsa;
> > I know nothing prevents me from doing that but it feels like everything
> > would be more joined-up if the main busybox repo was also in Salsa and
> > in a debian-boot team/group.
> 
> If you have time/motivation to explore salsa.debian.org for d-i things,
> that's more than welcome!
> 
> > Does anyone have any objection if I create a d-i/boot team on Salsa?
> 
> Not from me.
> 
> > What should it be called?
> 
> Good question. d-i looks good to me, and would match the current group
> on alioth. debian-boot is historical and I think we should keep only
> the list named this way (along with IRC).
Or just use "installer-team".
> > Should its membership just be copied from the Alioth team?
> If possible, that would look good to me. Not sure about non-DD accounts
> support though (I've had too little time to keep track of salsa things,
> which seemed to be fast moving).
This just needs to be done by hand.
> Not necessary for busybox AFAICT, but we'll need to have that later when
> moving all repositories there: we need to have access for the l10n robot
> (including write access), working from dillon.debian.org these days.
What about the stuff still in SVN?
> > Alternatively, would it be preferable to use the "Debian" group given
> > we have such a large membership anyway?
> I'm not sure. ISTR having seen people mention on IRC that views weren't
> too practical when projects are under the Debian umbrella, because
> everything is listed altogether? Maybe a separate group would be best?
No, the Debian group is for single repositories, not such large lumbs.
Bastian
-- 
Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...