To : Chris Lamb <lamby@debian.org>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: Let's start salvaging packages!
From : Tobias Frost <tobi@debian.org>
Date : Mon, 30 Jul 2018 12:29:48 +0800
Message-id : 03fd857f954b51bffa08296846e94c1eb85f7416.camel@debian.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 1532917513.1122831.1456872208.31921820@webmail.messagingengine.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180729094048.GA29235@coldtobi.de>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 1532917513.1122831.1456872208.31921820@webmail.messagingengine.com>


On Mon, 2018-07-30 at 03:25 +0100, Chris Lamb wrote:
> Dear Tobi,
> 
> > There will be a BoF at DebConf18 Thursday, August 2nd 11:00 in Room
> > Xueshan [a]
> > for dicussion and fine tuning. (We will likely have video
> > coverage.)
> > 
> > I'm sending out our proposal draft already now so you will be able
> > to
> > come well-prepared to the to the BoF, as we want to have as much
> > time
> > as possible for the discussion.
> 
> Just as a point of order I would like to be 100% sure that enough
> notes
> are taken at the BoF and reposted here so that anyone "only" on
> debian-
> devel will be able to participate in any discussion.
> 
> DebConf is obviously a place where a lot of things can get done but
> naturally it cannot be the only venue for Project-wide consensus
> building. :)
> 
> Now, I'm sure this would happen anyway, but just to reassure.
Rest assured, we'll take plenty of notes on gobby, have video
recordings to revisit* everything then transfer the consensus finding
to -devel.
But just to avoid ambiguity: Use any channel avaible to you to
participate to the discussion! Whether in person, at the BoF, using
gobby, IRC, debian-devel, private email, etcâ€¦ The important thing is
that the discussion takes place. This is absolutley not limited to
DebConf participants.
* very useful for a non-native English speaker like me ;-)
-- 
tobi
signature.asc