To : Jussi Pakkanen <jpakkane@gmail.com>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: Followup on C++ standardisation meeting
From : "Manuel A. Fernandez Montecelo" <manuel.montezelo@gmail.com>
Date : Wed, 7 Nov 2018 17:20:19 +0100
Message-id : 20181107162019.GB10406@reva.itsari.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAAjYPQnAUmuQZw0zy+Npbw8HJ6p59gcLt_NKevrdVp+BACJ9+A@mail.gmail.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAAjYPQnAUmuQZw0zy+Npbw8HJ6p59gcLt_NKevrdVp+BACJ9+A@mail.gmail.com>


2018-11-05 10:37 Jussi Pakkanen:
Thanks for working on this, it's very important to convince people
designing languages that static building is not good, specially in such
an important decision-taking meeting as this C++ one in San Diego.
Cheers.
--
Manuel A. Fernandez Montecelo <manuel.montezelo@gmail.com>