To : debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: salsa.debian.org: merge requests and such
From : Marc Haber <mh+debian-devel@zugschlus.de>
Date : Sun, 11 Nov 2018 13:41:40 +0100
Message-id : E1gLp3c-0008Lw-L5@drop.zugschlus.de
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â prscrd$qos$1@blaine.gmane.org>
References : <20181027152022.c249cb9e979e50c42df69022@mailbox.org> <20181027152022.c249cb9e979e50c42df69022@mailbox.org> <15BFA441-893C-48DF-A87D-E11C05B61B99@gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 5br2fydzf0.fsf@chiark.greenend.org.uk> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20181106151701.fdcbm47hxtuexrsc@connexer.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â prscrd$qos$1@blaine.gmane.org>


On Tue, 6 Nov 2018 15:43:41 +0000 (UTC), Felipe Sateler
<fsateler@debian.org> wrote:
>But for example, about a month ago Ond?ej NovÃ½ 
>changed the Format: url of d/copyright to use https on one of my packages 
>(and I assume a lot more), and didn't notify me. I don't think it is 
>reasonable to ask for coordination for this type of changes, and I would 
>agree that even notifying is too much effort if this was done salsa-wide. 
>Some fixes are better just done than talked about :).
If that would happen to one of my packages, it would be work for me to
verify that the changed links would still work. A commit comment like
"(URLs verified working on $DATESTAMP)" would save me that work since
I'd _know_ that somebody else already did it, and it fits well into
the workflow.
>BTW, thanks Ond?ej NovÃ½ for those "editorial" fixes!
+1.
>Additionally, if one is doing an NMU, I think that should be pushed to 
>salsa if the permissions allow it.
To master, or to an NMU branch?
Greetings
Marc, big fan of branches
-- 
-------------------------------------- !! No courtesy copies, please !! -----
Marc Haber         |   " Questions are the         | Mailadresse im Header
Mannheim, Germany  |     Beginning of Wisdom "     | 
Nordisch by Nature | Lt. Worf, TNG "Rightful Heir" | Fon: *49 621 72739834