To : eamanu15 <emmanuelarias30@gmail.com>
Subject : Re: concerns about Salsa
From : Alexander Wirt <formorer@debian.org>
Date : Mon, 4 Jun 2018 14:08:00 +0200
Message-id : 20180604120800.GA16143@smithers.snow-crash.org
Mail-followup-to : eamanu15 <emmanuelarias30@gmail.com>,	Dmitry Smirnov <onlyjob@debian.org>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CACttXDNdUf84jSFknzToKtMOoocWTjBtuo4JoBM41AF2Zc2AdQ@mail.gmail.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 3155612.nf7Q4P6B6c@deblab> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CACttXDNdUf84jSFknzToKtMOoocWTjBtuo4JoBM41AF2Zc2AdQ@mail.gmail.com>


On Mon, 04 Jun 2018, eamanu15 wrote:
> I think it's a low blow to us.
> 
> I think this should have been known from the beginning. We need each of the
> Debian projects, intervene the Debian itself.
> 
> Why don't start a new Debian project similar to GitLab, but based on Debian
> OS.
of course it was all known and announced in advance and it is running on
debian. It just doesn't packages - which were just not available at the time
we needed them (the available package were several major versions behind). 
Alex