To : Dmitry Smirnov <onlyjob@debian.org>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: concerns about Salsa
From : eamanu15 <emmanuelarias30@gmail.com>
Date : Mon, 4 Jun 2018 09:17:30 -0300
Message-id : CACttXDMEo6sw=t-eU+hYPtOtjE74UJb+2BA7dzhixO2augTNiA@mail.gmail.com
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180604120800.GA16143@smithers.snow-crash.org>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 3155612.nf7Q4P6B6c@deblab> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CACttXDNdUf84jSFknzToKtMOoocWTjBtuo4JoBM41AF2Zc2AdQ@mail.gmail.com> <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180604120800.GA16143@smithers.snow-crash.org>


