To : Tobias Frost <tobi@debian.org>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: Let's start salvaging packages!
From : Chris Lamb <lamby@debian.org>
Date : Mon, 30 Jul 2018 03:25:13 +0100
Message-id : 1532917513.1122831.1456872208.31921820@webmail.messagingengine.com
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180729094048.GA29235@coldtobi.de>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20180729094048.GA29235@coldtobi.de>


Dear Tobi,
> There will be a BoF at DebConf18 Thursday, August 2nd 11:00 in Room Xueshan [a]
> for dicussion and fine tuning. (We will likely have video coverage.)
> 
> I'm sending out our proposal draft already now so you will be able to
> come well-prepared to the to the BoF, as we want to have as much time
> as possible for the discussion.
Just as a point of order I would like to be 100% sure that enough notes
are taken at the BoF and reposted here so that anyone "only" on debian-
devel will be able to participate in any discussion.
DebConf is obviously a place where a lot of things can get done but
naturally it cannot be the only venue for Project-wide consensus
building. :)
Now, I'm sure this would happen anyway, but just to reassure.
Best wishes,
-- 
      ,''`.
     : :'  :     Chris Lamb
     `. `'`      lamby@debian.org / chris-lamb.co.uk
       `-