To : Fabiano FidÃªncio <fabiano@fidencio.org>
Subject : Re: Would be possible to have a ".treeinfo" file added to the installers' page?
From : Paul Wise <pabs@debian.org>
Date : Sun, 30 Dec 2018 09:50:26 +0800
Message-id : 773985e55beaeb4a6c2f063feba0b98e079c3424.camel@debian.org
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9+O1TWxH8u=N2Am2EJmNMevAMyx3Sy5wOo-wTBkhWW1aQ@mail.gmail.com>
References : 	<[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9+D2W2+5x1Nwe_+vXhmafOKe3gehrycudPHm38YKX75FQ@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â 20181207101027.GA3726@debian.org>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KXod48jkcpv-Kx6THjbT-U_YNWKwNHAFxW2mnPgVm3-Q@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6Gsp=FSODatRXa6FDxoEYRQXxqwoMTvPQ5J5=1N8J3Mcg@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KK4HGxCf=w39QeezeekShtSA+8fLSjgS-XHRAzbLLHBA@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6EVKXpG2xaWUkVWWtK6G4TD0z6zSSz26XW0H4ON=3QXSg@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9J90396C_kmbq6kV8i3H=rNXsg19fn1fM=xGU65q7pSjQ@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6G9a3GDgqMeSzM-QQJFxNjzgmi4gfAyyvrY_Vm0vYP4iA@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9KnYx4RnyO_nVVQdP+xvhi70_0q6EUrF389g2ycWRMsOQ@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6E80cLb8U0YBbdnwr-6KSv9bMtGfU5wdu_B=JxiX=hAgg@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9K=cfr9oCkJdCEfz29H7T+tdee2kPMV0Xin0+mi3Utd0Q@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAKTje6FxV-GP26EU0zTnrsA0xCP0S__LubGLAUkL_SKC7J1GQw@mail.gmail.com>	 <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAK9pz9+O1TWxH8u=N2Am2EJmNMevAMyx3Sy5wOo-wTBkhWW1aQ@mail.gmail.com>


On Fri, 2018-12-28 at 10:01 +0100, Fabiano FidÃªncio wrote:
> After a nice pub conversation a friend of mine suggested that *maybe*
> the .treeinfo changes could be done as part of Google Summer of Code.
> As a GNOME student/mentor/admin from previous years, I sincerely think
> it may be a good idea *if* the work is not too short and/or something
> else could be added to the same project in order to make it solid
> enough for 3-ish months of work.
At this point, Debian's level of participation in GSoC 2019 hasn't yet
been determined but it looks like we at least have admins this year.
Please note that the nature of Debian's participation will be different
this year due to some policy changes added by this year's admins:
https://lists.debian.org/msgid-search/20181121113859.GA22177@smithers.snow-crash.org
> What would be the specific codebase that I could open an RFE kind of
> issue just to keep track of this?
I expect the main codebase for this is dak, since that controls what
the Debian archive looks like. The Debian meta-package for reporting
bugs and feature requests against dak is ftp.debian.org. Any software
that would be used by dak to read/write treeinfo files would need to be
packaged for Debian sid and then backported to stretch.
https://salsa.debian.org/ftp-team/dak
https://bugs.debian.org/ftp.debian.org
https://www.debian.org/Bugs/Reporting
https://mentors.debian.net/intro-maintainers
http://backports.debian.org/Contribute/
> In case this idea is really too short ... what if someone spend some
> time to briefly guide me through the relevant codebase so I could
> provide the needed patch?
I'm not familiar with dak but I expect that it wouldn't be a full 3
months worth of work.
-- 
bye,
pabs
https://wiki.debian.org/PaulWise
signature.asc