To : Jussi Pakkanen <jpakkane@gmail.com>, debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Subject : Re: Debian packaging, dependency management and the C++ standards meeting
From : Vincas Dargis <vindrg@gmail.com>
Date : Mon, 15 Oct 2018 19:10:24 +0300
Message-id : 647233f1-f071-3cba-09d0-d185e100023c@gmail.com
In-reply-to : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAAjYPQn=JSMYU2gsktoLit3fCtg+LCjzsq5msrQ4bmL=DT75RQ@mail.gmail.com>
References : <[ðŸ”Ž]Â CAAjYPQn=JSMYU2gsktoLit3fCtg+LCjzsq5msrQ4bmL=DT75RQ@mail.gmail.com>


On 2018-10-03 22:43, Jussi Pakkanen wrote:
The tooling group that will try to tackle packaging & similar issues have just barely stared, I 
doubt something will be prepared for C++20 that would be of concern to this topic. Again, not sure 
if there's need to "panic", though of course your initiative is really important!